refactor: Use static methods for EntityCacheKeyGenerator (#11678)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-08-01-use-static-functions-for-entity-cache-key-generator.md

---

> title: Use static functions for EntityCacheKeyGenerator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Use static methods for EntityCacheKeyGenerator
```

author: Benjamin Wittwer
author_email: Discord.Benjamin@web.de
author_github: gecolay
---
# Core

> * Added `buildSalesChannelContextHash` & `buildCriteriaHash` `static` functions in `Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\Cache\EntityCacheKeyGenerator`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new static methods `buildSalesChannelContextHash` and `buildCriteriaHash` to `Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\Cache\EntityCacheKeyGenerator`
```

> * Changed `getSalesChannelContextHash` & `getCriteriaHash` functions in `Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\Cache\EntityCacheKeyGenerator` to `deprecated`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deprecated methods `getSalesChannelContextHash` and `getCriteriaHash` in `Shopware\Core\Framework\DataAbstractionLayer\Cache\EntityCacheKeyGenerator`
```
